[16.0][ADD] stock_move_actual_date (#1711)
OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse: stock_move_actual_date/readme/USAGE.rst

Use this module's function in the following situations:

* If you are late in processing a transfer or scrap in Odoo and wish to record the
  transaction with the actual transfer date, fill in the Actual Date field in the picking or
  scrap form. The Actual Date of the picking or scrap is then propagated to its
  corresponding stock moves and stock move lines, and is also passed to the journal
  entry as the date.
* You can also update the Actual Date of a completed picking or scrap if you belong to

>   the "Editable Actual Date" group. This operation updates the date of the related journal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the 'Modify Actual Date' group. This operation updates the date of the related journal
```
